README.md, before:

Based on Google ARCore SDK for Unity, a revised demo.
=====================================================

Copyright 2017 Google LLC. All rights reserved. Alexander Ezharjan revised based
on the original SDK on 28th, August, 2020.

This SDK provides native APIs for all of the essential AR features like motion
tracking, environmental understanding, and light estimation. With these
capabilities you can build entirely new AR experiences or enhance existing apps
with AR features.

Upcoming breaking change affecting previously published 32-bit-only apps
------------------------------------------------------------------------

In **August 2020**, *Google Play Services for AR* (ARCore) will remove support
for 32-bit-only ARCore-enabled apps running on 64-bit devices. Support for
32-bit apps running on 32-bit devices is unaffected.

If you have published a 32-bit-only (`armeabi-v7a`) version of your
ARCore-enabled app without publishing a corresponding 64-bit (`arm64-v8a`)
version, you must update your app to include 64-bit native libraries before
August 2020. 32-bit-only ARCore-enabled apps that are not updated by this time
may crash when attempting to start an augmented reality (AR) session.

To learn more about this breaking change, and for instructions on how to update
your app, see https://developers.google.com/ar/64bit.

Quick Start
-----------

See the [Getting Started with
Unity](//developers.google.com/ar/develop/unity/getting-started) developer
guide.

API Reference
-------------

See the [ARCore SDK for Unity API
Reference](//developers.google.com/ar/reference/unity).

Release Notes
-------------

The SDK release notes are available on the
[releases](//github.com/google-ar/arcore-unity-sdk/releases) page.

Terms & Conditions
------------------

By downloading the ARCore SDK for Unity, you agree that the [Google APIs Terms
of Service](//developers.google.com/terms/) governs your use thereof.

User privacy requirements
-------------------------

You must disclose the use of Google Play Services for AR (ARCore) and how it
collects and processes data, prominently in your application, easily accessible
to users. You can do this by adding the following text on your main menu or
notice screen: "This application runs on [Google Play Services for
AR](//play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.ar.core) (ARCore), which
is provided by Google LLC and governed by the [Google Privacy
Policy](//policies.google.com/privacy)".

Commit message:

checked and discovered the way to stablize objects activated on plane

README.md, after:

Based on Google ARCore SDK for Unity, a revised demo.
=====================================================

Copyright 2017 Google LLC. All rights reserved. Alexander Ezharjan revised based
on the original SDK on 28th, August, 2020.

Disable depth camera if you want to place the objects directly and avoiding
unstable shadows when the objects are placed.

This SDK provides native APIs for all of the essential AR features like motion
tracking, environmental understanding, and light estimation. With these
capabilities you can build entirely new AR experiences or enhance existing apps
with AR features.

Upcoming breaking change affecting previously published 32-bit-only apps
------------------------------------------------------------------------

In **August 2020**, *Google Play Services for AR* (ARCore) will remove support
for 32-bit-only ARCore-enabled apps running on 64-bit devices. Support for
32-bit apps running on 32-bit devices is unaffected.

If you have published a 32-bit-only (`armeabi-v7a`) version of your
ARCore-enabled app without publishing a corresponding 64-bit (`arm64-v8a`)
version, you must update your app to include 64-bit native libraries before
August 2020. 32-bit-only ARCore-enabled apps that are not updated by this time
may crash when attempting to start an augmented reality (AR) session.

To learn more about this breaking change, and for instructions on how to update
your app, see https://developers.google.com/ar/64bit.

Quick Start
-----------

See the [Getting Started with
Unity](//developers.google.com/ar/develop/unity/getting-started) developer
guide.

API Reference
-------------

See the [ARCore SDK for Unity API
Reference](//developers.google.com/ar/reference/unity).

Release Notes
-------------

The SDK release notes are available on the
[releases](//github.com/google-ar/arcore-unity-sdk/releases) page.

Terms & Conditions
------------------

By downloading the ARCore SDK for Unity, you agree that the [Google APIs Terms
of Service](//developers.google.com/terms/) governs your use thereof.

User privacy requirements
-------------------------

You must disclose the use of Google Play Services for AR (ARCore) and how it
collects and processes data, prominently in your application, easily accessible
to users. You can do this by adding the following text on your main menu or
notice screen: "This application runs on [Google Play Services for
AR](//play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.ar.core) (ARCore), which
is provided by Google LLC and governed by the [Google Privacy
Policy](//policies.google.com/privacy)".
